h1. Smoke Signals

h2. Description

A plugin for CruiseControl.rb offering the following features:

* Sends notifications to a Campfire room with the build status (success, failure, fixed) along with a URL to the build.
* Detects and sends notifications of Subversion failures.
* Supports different rooms per project. 

h2. Install

Download smoke_signals via git (git clone git://github.com/relevance/smoke_signals.git) or as a tarball (http://github.com/relevance/smoke_signals/tarball/master). Then, on your cruisecontrol.rb server:

 # sudo gem install tinder
 # cp lib/smoke_signals.rb <CRUISE_ROOT>/builder_plugins/installed
 # cp smoke_signals.yml_sample <CRUISE_ROOT>/config/smoke_signals.yml
 # edit <CRUISE_ROOT>/config/smoke_signals.yml with your campfire specifics
 # for project-specific rooms, in your build's specific cruise_config.rb add the following: 
 #     project.smoke_signals.room_name = "Room name" # replace Room name
 # restart CruiseControl.rb

h2. URLS

* "Home page": http://opensource.thinkrelevance.com/wiki/smoke_signals
* "git master": git://github.com/relevance/smoke_signals.git
* "CC.rb plugins documentation":http://cruisecontrolrb.thoughtworks.com/documentation/plugins

h2. LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2007-8 Relevance Inc. (Forked from http://rubyforge.org/projects/campfire-ccrb/)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
